Hi! I'm Joe - a recent graduate from the University of Auckland with a BSc in Computer Science and IT Management. Throughout the past three years, I've been incredibly lucky to meet a number of fantastic people, have had many opportunities that I'm very grateful for, and have loved learning all that university could offer.
My main passions revolve around technology and business - I've always loved creating new things, and programming gave me the opportunity to do that. I started over seven years ago, creating additions to Minecraft that allowed me to build my own server, and my skills have only grown since then. More recently, I've been developing websites (such as this one!), which are aimed at helping to solve problems I've found in real-world tasks. Naturally, this led to an interest in business - how I could turn an application I've created into a profitable product.
I hope to get a role where I'd be able to continue learning - one of the reasons I enjoyed university so much was my love of learning, and ideally, I'd continue this far into my professional career. I also found I liked working with others - I've commonly heard that others didn't like group projects, but I always found them enjoyable and often ended up managing the group, delegating tasks, and acting as a form of quality control. I hope to continue working in a team-based environment where I can use the communication and teamwork skills I've developed to contribute to a group goal. In particular, I enjoy working in diverse environments - I attended the National University of Singapore for five months in 2023 and was fascinated by the diversity and culture on display that I hadn't been able to learn about before.
Currently, I'm most interested in front-end development, project and product management, and technical consultant-related roles.
As well as my professional aspirations, I also enjoy both traveling and photography - I want to see as much of the world as possible and plan to see a lot before I'm too old to do so.